README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/twPj_hbU)
# Black Bazaar

Description: the Black Bazaar is the ideal game browsing and purchasing platform for hardcore gamers. In here, users will be able to browse their beloved games (including a filter option to search a desired game), and check out various features like a description for each game, type of game, and average rating given by other users. All games can be purchased - no wallet mechanic in the website, only direct purchase through secure vendor. Users can also make an account and then add games to their "favorite" list, which can be accessed from their profile, along with a list of purchased games.

### Nicolás Benedetti González / Saba Narimanishvili


## Note for self about extra packages needed!!
- So far: bcrypt, jwt, helmet, babel, and a few babel + jest dependencies for testing, and useRef for timeout message management

Commit message:

fixed all existing model and service tests, created favoritesList model tests, added a few more service tests

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/twPj_hbU)
# Black Bazaar

Description: the Black Bazaar is the ideal game browsing and purchasing platform for hardcore gamers. In here, users will be able to browse their beloved games (including a filter option to search a desired game), and check out various features like a description for each game, type of game, and average rating given by other users. All games can be purchased - no wallet mechanic in the website, only direct purchase through secure vendor. Users can also make an account and then add games to their "favorite" list, which can be accessed from their profile, along with a list of purchased games.

### Nicolás Benedetti González / Saba Narimanishvili

# IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT TESTING
- Because of some issues with Jest installation and binary location, pressing the green arrow next to each test on the file itself doesn't seem to work.
Instead, please open a terminal in the back-end folder and run `npm test [test file name]` instead. The same applies to frontend tests. Thank you!!

## Note for self about extra packages needed!!
- So far: bcrypt, jwt, helmet, babel, and a few babel + jest dependencies for testing, and useRef for timeout message management
